# CS230 - Software Design Document

<p>
The Gaming Room was a client that wanted to develop a cross platform version of their popular Android app "Draw It or Lose It."  The game would have teams compete to guess images that are digitially drawn over the course of 30 seconds.  The client wanted to create a web based application that would work on all desktop and mobile operating systems.  I think I did the evaluation portion of this project really well.  The descriptions were concise for each operating system and covered the major features and drawbacks of each system.  If I had to revise one part of this document, it would be the description of the UML diagram.  I would shorten the description and make it easier to follow because it is too long and too technical as currently written.  I was thinking more academically than practically when working on that portion of the document.  I really tried to take the client's needs and build the application around them.  I took a risk by recommending a cloud based solution to the problem since everything we dealt with was based on a traditional client-server architecture.  However, with the cross platform capabilites and the unknowns involved with scaling and global connectivity, deployment on the cloud made the most sense to me.  It is extremely important to understand the client's requirements since they are the one's who are providing a service or running a business with the solution the developer creates.  They should know what they need and as a developer it is important to have effective communication to ensure both parties are on the same page.  

I learned a lot creating this document and portions of the program.  My approach to designing the software was to find the best solution to the problem I was presented with.  I had small portions of the application to develop as part of the team, and I was introduced to design and architecture patterns that allowed me to solve these problems.  In the future, I will take what I have learned from this project to help my development process of applications.  If an application is being built from scratch, it is important to think about the entire lifetime of the app and possible scaling and feature-adding requirements will come up in the future.  Desiging apps that need to be scalable and agile need to have the appropriate underlying architecture that allows them to be scaled and updated easily.
</p>
